Added changes to document for SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS (#3858)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/admin/install.rst

   :setting:`ENABLE_HTTPS`,
   :ref:`production-site`

Set properly SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Set this value to 0 so as to make sure that everything works as expected,

> otherwise you could prevent the client from visiting the site.

Reviewer: Sorry, but this is nonsense. In most cases it should be set to reasonably high value to enforce HSTS and bring increased security. It should be set to 0 only in case HTTP is also supposed to be used on the site (what I hope nobody seriously considers these days).

Author: @nijel , Yes you're right that it should be set to a high value so as to prevent a man-in-the-middle attack. Its set to 0 to allow HTTP and may be set to a lower value for testing purposes ensuring all assets are servers securely.
I apologize for not reading and understanding it completely.

Author: @nijel - If we set the value to 31536000 seconds, i.e. 1 year(As per Django documentation) is fine or I have to explain all scenarios in the document.

   :setting:`ENABLE_HTTPS`,
   :ref:`production-site`

Set properly SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

If your site is served over SSL, you have to consider setting a value for :setting:`SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS`

> in the settings.py and enabling HTTP Strict Transport Security.

Reviewer: Setting SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS is way to enable HSTS, so it should probably be:

```suggestion
in the settings.py to enable HTTP Strict Transport Security.
```

Author: Fixed.

Author: @nijel  - I have updated the PR. Please review.

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8374949/82111390-d2730d80-96f9-11ea-8923-9f5f72e9cf49.png)

By default its set to 0 as shown below.

.. code-block:: python

   SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS = 0

> If set to a non-zero integer value, the `weblate.middleware.SecurityMiddleware`

Reviewer: It's Django middleware taking care of this, not Weblate one.

Author: Cool. I have added the Django(Security Middleware) link for it.

   :setting:`ENABLE_HTTPS`,
   :ref:`production-site`

Set properly SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

If your site is served over SSL, you have to consider setting a value for :setting:`SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS`
in the settings.py to enable HTTP Strict Transport Security.
By default its set to 0 as shown below.

.. code-block:: python

   SECURE_HSTS_SECONDS = 0

> If set to a non-zero integer value, the `SecurityMiddleware
> <https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/ref/middleware/#django.middleware.security.SecurityMiddleware>`_

Reviewer: Using Sphinx links is better - it will make the links work for future Django releases as well. I think following should work (but not tested):

```suggestion
If set to a non-zero integer value, the :class:`django:~django.middleware.security.SecurityMiddleware`
```

Author: It works after removing the tilde ~. I have updated the PR.
